Payload 000:	b"Phil, the Networking Wizard\n\nHave you heard of mighty Phil\nA man of talent, strength, and skill\nWith wisdom vast and kindness grand\nHe keeps the world well in command\n\nPackets flow at Phil's decree\nRouting smoothly, error free\nWith steady hands and keen i"
Payload 001:	b'nsight\nHe keeps connections fast and bright\n\nNo lost data, no delay\nPhil ensures the proper way\nThrough every switch and every wire\nHis knowledge fuels the network fire\n\nSo let us cheer and let us say\nPhil is great in every way'
Payload 002:	b"Phil, the Networking Wizard\n\nHave you heard of mighty Phil\nA man of talent, strength, and skill\nWith wisdom vast and kindness grand\nHe keeps the world well in command\n\nPackets flow at Phil's decree\nRouting smoothly, error free\nWith steady hands and keen i"
Payload 003:	b'nsight\nHe keeps connections fast and bright\n\nNo lost data, no delay\nPhil ensures the proper way\nThrough every switch and every wire\nHis knowledge fuels the network fire\n\nSo let us cheer and let us say\nPhil is great in every way'
Payload 004:	b'ALM 0:0 THE BOOK OF ALMA ALM 0:1 THE SON OF ALMA ALM 0:2 The account of Alma, who was the son of Alma the first, and chief judge over the people of Nephi, and also the high priest over the Church. An account of the reign of the judges, and the wars and co'
Payload 005:	b'ntentions among the people. And also an account of a war between the Nephites and the Lamanites, according to the record of Alma, the first and chief judge. ALM 1:0 Nehor, an enemy of the church, slays Gideon, and is brought to judgment and executed--Prie'
Payload 006:	b'stcraft and persecution--Improved conditions--Priests and people equal. ALM 1:1 Now it came to pass that in the first year of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi, from this time forward, king Mosiah having gone the way of all the earth, havin'
Payload 007:	b'g warred a good warfare, walking uprightly before God, leaving none to reign in his stead; nevertheless he had established laws, and they were acknowledged by the people; therefore they were obliged to abide by the laws which he had made. ALM 1:2 And it c'
Payload 008:	b'ame to pass that in the first year of the reign of Alma in the judgment-seat, there was a man brought before him to be judged, a man who was large, and was noted for his much strength. ALM 1:3 And he had gone about among the people, preaching to them that'
Payload 009:	b' which he termed to be the word of God, bearing down against the church; declaring unto the people that every priest and teacher ought to become popular; and they ought not to labor with their hands, but that they ought to be supported by the people. ALM '
Payload 010:	b'1:4 And he also testified unto the people that all mankind should be saved at the last day, and that they need not fear nor tremble, but that they might lift up their heads and rejoice; for the Lord had created all men, and had also redeemed all men; and,'
Payload 011:	b' in the end, all men should have eternal life. ALM 1:5 And it came to pass that he did teach these things so much that many did believe on his words, even so many that they began to support him and give him money. ALM 1:6 And he began to be lifted up in t'
Payload 012:	b'he pride of his heart, and to wear very costly apparel, yea, and even began to establish a church after the manner of his preaching. ALM 1:7 And it came to pass as he was going, to preach to those who believed on his word, he met a man who belonged to the'
Payload 013:	b' church of God, yea, even one of their teachers; and he began to contend with him sharply, that he might lead away the people of the church; but the man withstood him, admonishing him with the words of God. ALM 1:8 Now the name of the man was Gideon; and '
Payload 014:	b'it was he who was an instrument in the hands of God in delivering the people of Limhi out of bondage. ALM 1:9 Now, because Gideon withstood him with the words of God he was wroth with Gideon, and drew his sword and began to smite him. Now Gideon being str'
Payload 015:	b'icken with many years, therefore he was not able to withstand his blows, therefore he was slain by the sword. ALM 1:10 And the man who slew him was taken by the people of the church, and was brought before Alma, to be judged according to the crimes which '
Payload 016:	b'he had committed. ALM 1:11 And it came to pass that he stood before Alma and pleaded for himself with much boldness. ALM 1:12 But Alma said unto him: Behold, this is the first time that priestcraft has been introduced among this people. And behold, thou a'
Payload 017:	b'rt not only guilty of priestcraft, but hast endeavored to enforce it by the sword; and were priestcraft to be enforced among this people it would prove their entire destruction. ALM 1:13 And thou hast shed the blood of a righteous man, yea, a man who has '
Payload 018:	b'done much good among this people; and were we to spare thee his blood would come upon us for vengeance. ALM 1:14 Therefore thou art condemned to die, according to the law which has been given us by Mosiah, our last king; and it has been acknowledged by th'
Payload 019:	b'is people; therefore this people must abide by the law. ALM 1:15 And it came to pass that they took him; and his name was Nehor; and they carried him upon the top of the hill Manti, and there he was caused, or rather did acknowledge, between the heavens a'
Payload 020:	b'nd the earth, that what he had taught to the people was contrary to the word of God; and there he suffered an ignominious death. ALM 1:16 Nevertheless, this did not put an end to the spreading of priestcraft through the land; for there were many who loved'
Payload 021:	b' the vain things of the world, and they went forth preaching false doctrines; and this they did for the sake of riches and honor. ALM 1:17 Nevertheless, they durst not lie, if it were known, for fear of the law, for liars were punished; therefore they pre'
Payload 022:	b'tended to preach according to their belief; and now the law could have no power on any man for his belief. ALM 1:18 And they durst not steal, for fear of the law, for such were punished; neither durst they rob, nor murder, for he that murdered was punishe'
Payload 023:	b'd unto death. ALM 1:19 But it came to pass that whosoever did not belong to the church of God began to persecute those that did belong to the church of God, and had taken upon them the name of Christ. ALM 1:20 Yea, they did persecute them, and afflict the'
Payload 024:	b'm with all manner of words, and this because of their humility; because they were not proud in their own eyes, and because they did impart the word of God, one with another, without money and without price. ALM 1:21 Now there was a strict law among the pe'
Payload 025:	b'ople of the church, that there should not any man, belonging to the church, arise and persecute those that did not belong to the church, and that there should be no persecution among themselves. ALM 1:22 Nevertheless, there were many among them who began '
Payload 026:	b'to be proud, and began to contend warmly with their adversaries, even unto blows; yea, they would smite one another with their fists. ALM 1:23 Now this was in the second year of the reign of Alma, and it was a cause of much affliction to the church; yea, '
Payload 027:	b'it was the cause of much trial with the church. ALM 1:24 For the hearts of many were hardened, and their names were blotted out, that they were remembered no more among the people of God. And also many withdrew themselves from among them. ALM 1:25 Now thi'
Payload 028:	b's was a great trial to those that did stand fast in the faith; nevertheless, they were steadfast and immovable in keeping the commandments of God, and they bore with patience the persecution which was heaped upon them. ALM 1:26 And when the priests left t'
Payload 029:	b'heir labor to impart the word of God unto the people, the people also left their labors to hear the word of God. And when the priest had imparted unto them the word of God they all returned again diligently unto their labors; and the priest, not esteeming'
Payload 030:	b' himself above his hearers, for the preacher was no better than the hearer, neither was the teacher any better than the learner; and thus they were all equal, and they did all labor, every man according to his strength. ALM 1:27 And they did impart of the'
Payload 031:	b'ir substance, every man according to that which he had, to the poor, and the needy, and the sick, and the afflicted; and they did not wear costly apparel, yet they were neat and comely. ALM 1:28 And thus they did establish the affairs of the church; and t'
Payload 032:	b'hus they began to have continual peace again, notwithstanding all their persecutions. ALM 1:29 And now, because of the steadiness of the church they began to be exceedingly rich, having abundance of all things whatsoever they stood in need--an abundance o'
Payload 033:	b'f flocks and herds, and fatlings of every kind, and also abundance of grain, and of gold, and of silver, and of precious things, and abundance of silk and fine-twined linen, and all manner of good homely cloth. ALM 1:30 And thus, in their prosperous circu'
Payload 034:	b'mstances, they did not send away any who were naked, or that were hungry, or that were athirst, or that were sick, or that had not been nourished; and they did not set their hearts upon riches; therefore they were liberal to all, both old and young, both '
Payload 035:	b'bond and free, both male and female, whether out of the church or in the church, having no respect to persons as to those who stood in need. ALM 1:31 And thus they did prosper and become far more wealthy than those who did not belong to their church. ALM '
Payload 036:	b'1:32 For those who did not belong to their church did indulge themselves in sorceries, and in idolatry or idleness, and in babblings, and in envyings and strife; wearing costly apparel; being lifted up in the pride of their own eyes; persecuting, lying, t'
Payload 037:	b'hieving, robbing, committing whoredoms, and murdering, and all manner of wickedness; nevertheless, the law was put in force upon all those who did transgress it, inasmuch as it was possible. ALM 1:33 And it came to pass that by thus exercising the law upo'
Payload 038:	b'n them, every man suffering according to that which he had done, they became more still, and durst not commit any wickedness if it were known; therefore, there was much peace among the people of Nephi until the fifth year of the reign of the judges. ALM 2'
Payload 039:	b':0 Amlici seeks to become king--Rejected by the majority, but is made king--He is defeated in battle--He joins the Lamanites--Alma slays Amlici and routs his forces. ALM 2:1 And it came to pass in the commencement of the fifth year of their reign there be'
Payload 040:	b'gan to be a contention among the people; for a certain man, being called Amlici, he being a very cunning man, yea, a wise man as to the wisdom of the world, he being after the order of the man that slew Gideon by the sword, who was executed according to t'
Payload 041:	b'he law-- ALM 2:2 Now this Amlici had, by his cunning, drawn away much people after him; even so much that they began to be very powerful; and they began to endeavor to establish Amlici to be a king over the people. ALM 2:3 Now this was alarming to the peo'
Payload 042:	b'ple of the church, and also to all those who had not been drawn away after the persuasions of Amlici; for they knew that according to their law that such things must be established by the voice of the people. ALM 2:4 Therefore, if it were possible that Am'
Payload 043:	b'lici should gain the voice of the people, he, being a wicked man, would deprive them of their rights and privileges of the church; for it was his intent to destroy the church of God. ALM 2:5 And it came to pass that the people assembled themselves togethe'
Payload 044:	b'r throughout all the land, every man according to his mind, whether it were for or against Amlici, in separate bodies, having much dispute and wonderful contentions one with another. ALM 2:6 And thus they did assemble themselves together to cast in their '
Payload 045:	b'voices concerning the matter; and they were laid before the judges. ALM 2:7 And it came to pass that the voice of the people came against Amlici, that he was not made king over the people. ALM 2:8 Now this did cause much joy in the hearts of those who wer'
Payload 046:	b'e against him; but Amlici did stir up those who were in his favor to anger against those who were not in his favor. ALM 2:9 And it came to pass that they gathered themselves together, and did consecrate Amlici to be their king. ALM 2:10 Now when Amlici wa'
Payload 047:	b's made king over them he commanded them that they should take up arms against their brethren; and this he did that he might subject them to him. ALM 2:11 Now the people of Amlici were distinguished by the name of Amlici, being called Amlicites; and the re'
Payload 048:	b'mainder were called Nephites, or the people of God. ALM 2:12 Therefore the people of the Nephites were aware of the intent of the Amlicites, and therefore they did prepare to meet them; yea, they did arm themselves with swords, and with cimeters, and with'
Payload 049:	b' bows, and with arrows, and with stones, and with slings, and with all manner of weapons of war, of every kind. ALM 2:13 And thus they were prepared to meet the Amlicites at the time of their coming. And there were appointed captains, and higher captains,'
Payload 050:	b' and chief captains, according to their numbers. ALM 2:14 And it came to pass that Amlici did arm his men with all manner of weapons of war of every kind; and he also appointed rulers and leaders over his people, to lead them to war against their brethren'
Payload 051:	b'. ALM 2:15 And it came to pass that the Amlicites came upon the hill Amnihu, which was east of the river Sidon, which ran by the land of Zarahemla, and there they began to make war with the Nephites. ALM 2:16 Now Alma, being the chief judge and the govern'
Payload 052:	b'or of the people of Nephi, therefore he went up with his people, yea, with his captains, and chief captains, yea, at the head of his armies, against the Amlicites to battle. ALM 2:17 And they began to slay the Amlicites upon the hill east of Sidon. And th'
Payload 053:	b'e Amlicites did contend with the Nephites with great strength, insomuch that many of the Nephites did fall before the Amlicites. ALM 2:18 Nevertheless the Lord did strengthen the hand of the Nephites, that they slew the Amlicites with great slaughter, tha'
Payload 054:	b't they began to flee before them. ALM 2:19 And it came to pass that the Nephites did pursue the Amlicites all that day, and did slay them with much slaughter, insomuch that there were slain of the Amlicites twelve thousand five hundred thirty and two soul'
Payload 055:	b's; and there were slain of the Nephites six thousand five hundred sixty and two souls. ALM 2:20 And it came to pass that when Alma could pursue the Amlicites no longer he caused that his people should pitch their tents in the valley of Gideon, the valley '
Payload 056:	b'being called after that Gideon who was slain by the hand of Nehor with the sword; and in this valley the Nephites did pitch their tents for the night. ALM 2:21 And Alma sent spies to follow the remnant of the Amlicites, that he might know of their plans a'
Payload 057:	b'nd their plots, whereby he might guard himself against them, that he might preserve his people from being destroyed. ALM 2:22 Now those whom he had sent out to watch the camp of the Amlicites were called Zeram, and Amnor, and Manti, and Limher; these were'
Payload 058:	b' they who went out with their men to watch the camp of the Amlicites. ALM 2:23 And it came to pass that on the morrow they returned into the camp of the Nephites in great haste, being greatly astonished, and struck with much fear, saying: ALM 2:24 Behold,'
Payload 059:	b' we followed the camp of the Amlicites, and to our great astonishment, in the land of Minon, above the land of Zarahemla, in the course of the land of Nephi, we saw a numerous host of the Lamanites; and behold, the Amlicites have joined them; ALM 2:25 And'
Payload 060:	b' they are upon our brethren in that land; and they are fleeing before them with their flocks, and their wives, and their children, towards our city; and except we make haste they obtain possession of our city, and our fathers, and our wives, and our child'
Payload 061:	b'ren be slain. ALM 2:26 And it came to pass that the people of Nephi took their tents, and departed out of the valley of Gideon towards their city, which was the city of Zarahemla. ALM 2:27 And behold, as they were crossing the river Sidon, the Lamanites a'
Payload 062:	b'nd the Amlicites, being as numerous almost, as it were, as the sands of the sea, came upon them to destroy them. ALM 2:28 Nevertheless, the Nephites being strengthened by the hand of the Lord, having prayed mightily to him that he would deliver them out o'
Payload 063:	b'f the hands of their enemies, therefore the Lord did hear their cries, and did strengthen them, and the Lamanites and the Amlicites did fall before them. ALM 2:29 And it came to pass that Alma fought with Amlici with the sword, face to face; and they did '
Payload 064:	b'contend mightily, one with another. ALM 2:30 And it came to pass that Alma, being a man of God, being exercised with much faith, cried, saying: O Lord, have mercy and spare my life, that I may be an instrument in thy hands to save and preserve this people'
Payload 065:	b'. ALM 2:31 Now when Alma had said these words he contended again with Amlici; and he was strengthened, insomuch that he slew Amlici with the sword. ALM 2:32 And he also contended with the king of the Lamanites; but the king of the Lamanites fled back from'
Payload 066:	b' before Alma and sent his guards to contend with Alma. ALM 2:33 But Alma, with his guards, contended with the guards of the king of the Lamanites until he slew and drove them back. ALM 2:34 And thus he cleared the ground, or rather the bank, which was on '
Payload 067:	b'the west of the river Sidon, throwing the bodies of the Lamanites who had been slain into the waters of Sidon, that thereby his people might have room to cross and contend with the Lamanites and the Amlicites on the west side of the river Sidon. ALM 2:35 '
Payload 068:	b'And it came to pass that when they had all crossed the river Sidon that the Lamanites and the Amlicites began to flee before them, notwithstanding they were so numerous that they could not be numbered. ALM 2:36 And they fled before the Nephites towards th'
Payload 069:	b'e wilderness which was west and north, away beyond the borders of the land; and the Nephites did pursue them with their might, and did slay them. ALM 2:37 Yea, they were met on every hand, and slain and driven, until they were scattered on the west, and o'
Payload 070:	b'n the north, until they had reached the wilderness, which was called Hermounts; and it was that part of the wilderness which was infested by wild and ravenous beasts. ALM 2:38 And it came to pass that many died in the wilderness of their wounds, and were '
Payload 071:	b'devoured by those beasts and also the vultures of the air; and their bones have been found, and have been heaped up on the earth. ALM 3:0 The mark of the Amlicites, and the curse upon the Lamanites--Another Nephite victory. ALM 3:1 And it came to pass tha'
Payload 072:	b't the Nephites who were not slain by the weapons of war, after having buried those who had been slain--now the number of the slain were not numbered, because of the greatness of their number--after they had finished burying their dead they all returned to'
Payload 073:	b' their lands, and to their houses, and their wives, and their children. ALM 3:2 Now many women and children had been slain with the sword, and also many of their flocks and their herds; and also many of their fields of grain were destroyed, for they were '
Payload 074:	b'trodden down by the hosts of men. ALM 3:3 And now as many of the Lamanites and the Amlicites who had been slain upon the bank of the river Sidon were cast into the waters of Sidon; and behold their bones are in the depths of the sea, and they are many. AL'
Payload 075:	b'M 3:4 And the Amlicites were distinguished from the Nephites, for they had marked themselves with red in their foreheads after the manner of the Lamanites; nevertheless they had not shorn their heads like unto the Lamanites. ALM 3:5 Now the heads of the L'
Payload 076:	b'amanites were shorn; and they were naked, save it were skin which was girded about their loins, and also their armor, which was girded about them, and their bows, and their arrows, and their stones, and their slings, and so forth. ALM 3:6 And the skins of'
Payload 077:	b' the Lamanites were dark, according to the mark which was set upon their fathers, which was a curse upon them because of their transgression and their rebellion against their brethren, who consisted of Nephi, Jacob, and Joseph, and Sam, who were just and '
Payload 078:	b'holy men. ALM 3:7 And their brethren sought to destroy them, therefore they were cursed; and the Lord God set a mark upon them, yea, upon Laman and Lemuel, and also the sons of Ishmael, and Ishmaelitish women. ALM 3:8 And this was done that their seed mig'
Payload 079:	b'ht be distinguished from the seed of their brethren, that thereby the Lord God might preserve his people, that they might not mix and believe in incorrect traditions which would prove their destruction. ALM 3:9 And it came to pass that whosoever did mingl'
Payload 080:	b'e his seed with that of the Lamanites did bring the same curse upon his seed. ALM 3:10 Therefore, whosoever suffered himself to be led away by the Lamanites was called under that head, and there was a mark set upon him. ALM 3:11 And it came to pass that w'
Payload 081:	b'hosoever would not believe in the tradition of the Lamanites, but believed those records which were brought out of the land of Jerusalem, and also in the tradition of their fathers, which were correct, who believed in the commandments of God and kept them'
Payload 082:	b', were called the Nephites, or the people of Nephi, from that time forth-- ALM 3:12 And it is they who have kept the records which are true of their people, and also of the people of the Lamanites. ALM 3:13 Now we will return again to the Amlicites, for t'
Payload 083:	b'hey also had a mark set upon them; yea, they set the mark upon themselves, yea, even a mark of red upon their foreheads. ALM 3:14 Thus the word of God is fulfilled, for these are the words which he said to Nephi: Behold, the Lamanites have I cursed, and I'
Payload 084:	b' will set a mark on them that they and their seed may be separated from thee and thy seed, from this time henceforth and forever, except they repent of their wickedness and turn to me that I may have mercy upon them. ALM 3:15 And again: I will set a mark '
Payload 085:	b'upon him that mingleth his seed with thy brethren, that they may be cursed also. ALM 3:16 And again: I will set a mark upon him that fighteth against thee and thy seed. ALM 3:17 And again, I say he that departeth from thee shall no more be called thy seed'
Payload 086:	b'; and I will bless thee, and whomsoever shall be called thy seed, henceforth and forever; and these were the promises of the Lord unto Nephi and to his seed. ALM 3:18 Now the Amlicites knew not that they were fulfilling the words of God when they began to'
Payload 087:	b' mark themselves in their foreheads; nevertheless they had come out in open rebellion against God; therefore it was expedient that the curse should fall upon them. ALM 3:19 Now I would that ye should see that they brought upon themselves the curse; and ev'
Payload 088:	b'en so doth every man that is cursed bring upon himself his own condemnation. ALM 3:20 Now it came to pass that not many days after the battle which was fought in the land of Zarahemla, by the Lamanites and the Amlicites, that there was another army of the'
Payload 089:	b' Lamanites came in upon the people of Nephi, in the same place where the first army met the Amlicites. ALM 3:21 And it came to pass that there was an army sent to drive them out of their land. ALM 3:22 Now Alma himself being afflicted with a wound did not'
Payload 090:	b' go up to battle at this time against the Lamanites; ALM 3:23 But he sent up a numerous army against them; and they went up and slew many of the Lamanites, and drove the remainder of them out of the borders of their land. ALM 3:24 And then they returned a'
Payload 091:	b'gain and began to establish peace in the land, being troubled no more for a time with their enemies. ALM 3:25 Now all these things were done, yea, all these wars and contentions were commenced and ended in the fifth year of the reign of the judges. ALM 3:'
Payload 092:	b'26 And in one year were thousands and tens of thousands of souls sent to the eternal world, that they might reap their rewards according to their works, whether they were good or whether they were bad, to reap eternal happiness or eternal misery, accordin'
Payload 093:	b'g to the spirit which they listed to obey, whether it be a good spirit or a bad one. ALM 3:27 For every man receiveth wages of him whom he listeth to obey, and this according to the words of the spirit of prophecy; therefore let it be according to the tru'
Payload 094:	b'th. And thus endeth the fifth year of the reign of the judges. ALM 4:0 Growth of the church--Prosperity, pride, and iniquity--Nephihah made chief judge. ALM 4:1 Now it came to pass in the sixth year of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi, the'
Payload 095:	b're were no contentions nor wars in the land of Zarahemla; ALM 4:2 But the people were afflicted, yea, greatly afflicted for the loss of their brethren, and also for the loss of their flocks and herds, and also for the loss of their fields of grain, which '
Payload 096:	b'were trodden under foot and destroyed by the Lamanites. ALM 4:3 And so great were their afflictions that every soul had cause to mourn; and they believed that it was the judgments of God sent upon them because of their wickedness and their abominations; t'
Payload 097:	b'herefore they were awakened to a remembrance of their duty. ALM 4:4 And they began to establish the church more fully; yea, and many were baptized in the waters of Sidon and were joined to the church of God; yea, they were baptized by the hand of Alma, wh'
Payload 098:	b'o had been consecrated the high priest over the people of the church, by the hand of his father Alma. ALM 4:5 And it came to pass in the seventh year of the reign of the judges there were about three thousand five hundred souls that united themselves to t'
Payload 099:	b'he church of God and were baptized. And thus ended the seventh year of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi; and there was continual peace in all that time. ALM 4:6 And it came to pass in the eighth year of the reign of the judges, that the pe'
